---
layout: post
title: CC3K
cover: cc3k/cc3k.png
date:	2015-07-08
categories: posts
---

ChamberCrawler3000, also known as CC3K, was a text-based dunegon crawler I created for my CS 246 (object-oriented programming) final project with a partner.

## Gameplay

The game is played in non-realtime with the player entering the desired action each turn. The objective is simple - survive the 8 levels of monsters to win the game.

There are a number of different races for the player to choose from, each with their own stats and special effect:

* Humans
* Dwarves - gold collected doubles in value
* Elves - potions which lower stats have the reverse effect instead
* Orcs - gold is worth half value

The enemies in the dungeon are:

* Vampires
* Werewolves
* Trolls
* Golbins
* Merchants
* Dragons
* Phoenixes

There are also items in each level that the player can collect/use:

* Treasure
* Potions
* Poisons

Enemies move around one tile at a time apart from dragons. Instead, dragons spawn next to and guard dragon hoard treasure.
Merchants are initially friendly until attacked. Then all merchants become hostile. Upon death, merchants will drop gold.

## TODO

Although the project was completed to all given specifications and we attained 100%, I plan on revisitng the project and improving a few things:

* Use the ncurses library to improve the project UI
* Implement the A* pathfinding algorithm to give the enemies some AI
* Introduce and inventory system to allow items to be picked up and stored without use
* Randomly generate new dungeon floor layouts
* Add a dificulty settings and lives
